Code Club

What I want to accomplish:
	Teach kids how to code well enough so they can…
		Write a binary search algorithm
		Use HTML/CSS with Javascript to make a website with, pictures, links, buttons, etc
		Make a light blink on and off using an Arduino and web server
		Teach them Java so they can pass the AP test if they want

Who am I going to reach out to and what am I going to ask them for:
	Matthias: want him to come back and be my partner again this year. I will have to ask a lot more out of him considering what we want to accomplish
	Nerdery: Ask for guest speakers to get kids interested in what we are doing and what they could do in the future with coding
	The Lakeville Rotary: Need money to buy some textbooks!!
	Teacher: IDK who the administrator will be for code club, but it would be way better if we could meet in the library computer lab

What do we need to do to get there:
	GET SNACKS!!!!!!
	Find a way to meet at least twice a week because otherwise you won’t be able to learn what you need to
	Find the cheapest, best textbooks for teaching. We need as many as we can get
	Convince the administration to be in full support of code club so I can get special privileges at the school
	Stay on good terms with Whitaker in case we need the laptops
	Convince all of your friends to come because that will provide an enthusiastic base population for the club. Build on that
	Hit 50 MEMBERS! You can do it, you just need to campaign really hard, and make Code Club something that kids want to come to because they want to make awesome things.
	Find the kids that you think will play a big role in the club and convince them to code as much as they can inside and outside of the club. You will need someone to run code club next year if you want to leave a legacy
	Hit up every single class during lunch hour and talk to students to convince them to join code club
	Make more posters, banners, tweets, whatever it takes to make a community that works great

What to expect of students:
	Should work on it a little bit at least five nights a week
	Basic understanding of algebra and how functions work


Who will be my predecessor????

How to make money:
	Need 10000$
  Talk to Kathy Lewis
  Talk to Zahn
  Talk to the Nerdery
	Rotary club
	Ping Pong tournament
	Mini Golf Course
	Computer smash fundraiser
	Movie Night
	Food Fight
	Badminton Tournament
	Balloon Raffle
	Board Game Night
	Trivia Night
	Sumo Wrestling Competition
	Embarrass the teacher

Guest Speakers
  75F
	Nerdery
	sportsnign

Connections
  Matt Little
	United Health Group
	Kathy Lewis
	Zahn
	Student Council
	Math League
	Nerdery
	Rotary Club
	South Computer Science
